README.md, before:

# Microbot-Launcher
Microbot Launcher for The Microbot Client

<img width="1915" height="1197" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dfa1f620-ed5a-409c-97f0-f2c6e86e9a8a" />


## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (preferably the latest version)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js)
- [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)

You can install Electron globally with the following command:

```bash
npm install -g electron
```

## Installation

1) clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/microbot-launcher.git
```

2) navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd microbot-launcher
```

3) install the dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Running the project

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Package for Windows
For 64-bit
```bash
npm run build:x64
```
For 32-bit
```bash
npm run build:ia32
```

## Steps to Contribute:
1. Fork the repository
2.  Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature-branch)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin feature-branch)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Youtube

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f15ec853-9b92-474e-a269-9a984e8bb792)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEj_7N5OPJkdDi0VTMOJOpw)

## Discord

[![Discord Banner 1](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1087718903985221642/widget.png?style=banner1)](https://discord.gg/zaGrfqFEWE)

 
If you have any questions, please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/zaGrfqFEWE) server.


## ☕ Buy Me a Coffee

If you enjoy my open source work and would like to support me, consider buying me a coffee! Your support helps me stay caffeinated and motivated to keep improving and creating awesome projects.

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-donate-yellow)](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/MicrobotBE?country.x=BE)

Thank you for your support! 😊

Commit message:

Add mock authentication flow with UI

README.md, after:

# Microbot-Launcher
Microbot Launcher for The Microbot Client

<img width="1915" height="1197" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dfa1f620-ed5a-409c-97f0-f2c6e86e9a8a" />


## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (preferably the latest version)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js)
- [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)

You can install Electron globally with the following command:

```bash
npm install -g electron
```

## Installation

1) clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/microbot-launcher.git
```

2) navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd microbot-launcher
```

3) install the dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Running the project

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Mock Authentication Mode

The launcher now includes an optional in-memory authentication flow that can be enabled for UI testing and demos.

- Set `MOCK_AUTH=1` to activate mock mode. Accounts exist only in memory and reset when the app restarts.
- (Optional) Provide `MOCK_USERS` to preload accounts. Accepts either JSON (e.g. `[{"email":"demo@site.com","password":"Password1"}]`) or a delimited list such as `demo@site.com:Password1,guest@site.com:Password2`.
- Use `MOCK_LATENCY_MS` to simulate network latency (in milliseconds) and `MOCK_FAIL_PCT` to simulate intermittent failures (percentage between 0-100).

When mock mode is disabled, the launcher skips the mock login screen and behaves as before.

## Package for Windows
For 64-bit
```bash
npm run build:x64
```
For 32-bit
```bash
npm run build:ia32
```

## Steps to Contribute:
1. Fork the repository
2.  Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature-branch)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin feature-branch)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Youtube

[![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f15ec853-9b92-474e-a269-9a984e8bb792)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEj_7N5OPJkdDi0VTMOJOpw)

## Discord

[![Discord Banner 1](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1087718903985221642/widget.png?style=banner1)](https://discord.gg/zaGrfqFEWE)

 
If you have any questions, please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/zaGrfqFEWE) server.


## ☕ Buy Me a Coffee

If you enjoy my open source work and would like to support me, consider buying me a coffee! Your support helps me stay caffeinated and motivated to keep improving and creating awesome projects.

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-donate-yellow)](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/MicrobotBE?country.x=BE)

Thank you for your support! 😊
